<42¬¬¬.1> An employer shall install a work foothold by assembling scaffolding, etc. where there is a risk of a worker falling or falling (excluding the end of a work foothold, etc.) or where there is a risk of workers becoming dangerous when working in machinery, facilities, ship blocks, etc.
<42.2> Where it is impracticable for an employer to install a work foothold under paragraph (1), he/she shall install a fall protection net in accordance with the following standards: Provided, That where it is impracticable to install a fall protection net, necessary measures shall be taken to prevent the risk of a fall, such as requiring workers to wear a safety belt.
<42.2.1> The installation location of the fall protection network shall be located as close as possible to the working surface, and the vertical distance from the working surface to the installation point of the network shall not exceed 10 meters.
<42.2.2> The fall protection net should be installed horizontally, and the sagging of the net should be at least 12 percent of the length of the short side.
<42.2.3> Where a building, etc. is installed outside, the length of the falling protection net shall be at least 3 meters from the wall: Provided, That where a falling protection net with a net of 20 millimeters or less is used, it shall be deemed that a falling object prevention net under Article 14 (3) has been installed.
<42.3> When installing a fall protection network, the employer shall use a fall protection network that meets the performance standards prescribed by the Korean Industrial Standards.

<43.1> An employer shall robustly install protective measures such as safety rails, fences, vertical fall barriers, or covers (hereinafter referred to as "fall lamps" in this Article) in a structure with sufficient strength where workers are at risk of falling as the end or opening of work plates and passages, and where a cover is installed, it shall be installed so as not to flip or fall. In such cases, the opening shall be marked so that it can be recognized even in a dark place, and the vertical fall prevention net shall be used in conformity with the performance standards prescribed by the Korean Industrial Standard
<43.2> Where it is very difficult to install handrails, etc. or when it is necessary to temporarily dismantle handrails, etc. due to the necessity of work, the employer shall install a fall protection network that meets the standards of the subparagraphs of Article 42 (2). Provided, That where it is difficult to install a fall protection network, necessary measures shall be taken to prevent the risk of falling, such as requiring workers to wear safety belts

<44.1> An employer shall install facilities, etc. where a safety belt is worn by a worker in a place of at least two meters in height where there is a risk of falling. Where a support rope, etc. is installed with such a safety belt attachment facility, necessary measures shall be taken to prevent it from sagging or loosening.
<44.2> The employer shall inspect whether there is an abnormality in the safety belt and accessory equipment under paragraph (1) before commencing work.

<45.1> Where there is a risk of falling or falling when an employee works on the roof, the employer shall take the following measures.
<45.1.1> Safety railings under Article 13 shall be installed at the edge of the roof
<45.1.2> Installation of a rigid structure cover on skylight
<45.1.3>Footrests of at least 30 centimeters wide shall be installed on roofs covered with materials of weak strength, such as slates
<45.2> Where it is impracticable for an employer to take measures under paragraph (1) 1 in consideration of the working environment, etc., he/she shall install a fall protection network meeting the standards under the subparagraphs of Article 42 (2). Provided, That where it is impracticable to install a fall protection network in consideration of the working environment, etc., the employer shall take necessary measures to prevent the risk of a fall, such as requiring workers to wear a safety belt.

<46.1> Where an employer works in a place where the height or depth exceeds 2 meters, he/she shall install facilities such as construction lifts, etc. for workers engaged in the relevant work to safely lift and lift: Provided, That this shall not apply where it is difficult to install lifting facilities due to the nature of the work

<47.1> Where there is a risk of danger, such as drowning of a worker engaged in water or shipbuilding work, the employer shall take necessary measures for life, such as installing a ship or lifesaving equipment at the place where he/she works.

<48.1> Where there are kettles (heating containers), hoppers (large bins with funnel-shaped entrances), pits, etc. that are likely to cause workers to be at risk of burns or vaginal diseases due to falling while working or traveling, the employer shall install fences of at least 90 centimeters in height in the places necessary to prevent such dangers

<49.1> If a worker works at a height of at least 2 meters, the employer shall maintain the lighting necessary to secure the work

<50> Where a worker is likely to become dangerous due to the collapse, fall, etc. of soil, etc. or a structure, the employer shall take the following measures to prevent the danger
<50.1> The ground shall be a safe slope and shall be installed with retaining walls, earth retaining holes, etc. that may cause falling
<50.2> Excluding rainwater or groundwater that causes the collapse or fall of soil, etc
<50.3> Where there is a risk of falling and collapsing walls in the shaft, necessary measures, such as installing a ground hole and removing the pumice, etc. shall be taken

<51>The employer shall take necessary measures in compliance with design drawings, specifications, structural design books, dismantling plans, etc. under subparagraph 15 of Article 2 of the Rules on Structural Standards, etc. in order to prevent the danger of buildings, etc. from conducting, exploding, or collapsing due to fixed loads, loading loads, snow, wind pressure, earthquake, vibration, shock, etc

<52> Where a building, etc. falls under any of the following, the employer shall conduct a safety evaluation, such as a structural review, safety diagnosis, etc. of the building, etc. to eliminate risks to workers in advance
<52.1> Where the risk of collapse is expected due to subsidence, cracks, etc. due to excavation, avalanche, etc. in the vicinity of a building, etc
<52.2> Cracks, twists, etc. occur due to earthquake, East Sea, floating subsidence, etc. in a building, etc
<52.3>Where there is a risk of collapse, etc. due to its own weight, snow, wind pressure, or other load, etc
<52.4> If the strength of a building is severely degraded due to a fire, etc
<52.5> Where safety needs to be reviewed due to the reuse of structures, etc. that have not been used for a long time
<52.6> Where all or part of the design and construction methods for the main structural part of a building, etc. (referring to the main structural part under Article 2 (1) 7 of the Building Act; hereinafter the same shall apply)
<52.7> If other potential risks are anticipated

<53> In any of the following cases, the employer shall install a measuring device necessary for it to check the results of measurement and take measures to prevent risks, such as reviewing safety through the results.
<53.1> Where the measurement work is instructed when examining a hazardous risk prevention plan for construction work under Article 42 (3) 1 or 2 of the Decree
<53.2> Where there is a risk that workers may become dangerous due to the collapse of soil or structures, etc. in construction works under Article 42 (3) 3 through 6 of the Decree
<53.3> If the design book requires the installation of a measuring device

